Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Senior Technical Project Manager - Information Technology Share Print
Job ID: 944632 Richmond, Virginia Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Job Description
Sr. IT Security Project Manager – Hybrid/Richmond VA
job:MERN STACK

Innova Solutions has an immediate need for a Senior Technical Project Manager in Richmond, Virginia.   This person will be responsible for a wide spectrum of security-related projects. This individual will apply security principles, concepts, methods, and deliver high-priority security and technology projects. The ideal candidate will bring strong technology security domain expertise, and project delivery experience and be able to thrive in a highly collaborative and fast-paced work environment.  
This is a 9 Month Contract Position with the possibility of extensions, or FTE conversion
Seeking IT Security focused Technical Project Manager, ideally with experience implementing identity access management and VPN
Large enterprise level PM experience required
Project focus will be 80% infrastructure and 20% SDLC related
PMP required, and Cybersecurity Certifications (CISSP, CISM, etc.) nice to have
Will required a minimum of 2 days on-site per week in downtown Richmond, VA  
Responsibilities:
Lead strategic technology security projects.
Drive delivery across security portfolio, closely monitoring and highlighting resource constraints, dependencies across technology teams.
Work to resolve conflicts regarding resourcing, timing, costs, and scope.
Present security portfolio of work and progress to goals to technology leadership team.
Create an atmosphere that inspires collaboration across technology cross functional teams; Security, Engineering, Infrastructure and Project Management.
Create project plans, align resources, communicate status, highlight risks and options.
Host recurring and ad hoc meetings to review progress, deliverables, and drive decisions.
Escalate project issues, manage expectations, and propose creative solutions.
Provide clear and actionable reporting and metrics.
Build effective, highly collaborative relationships with key stakeholders across multiple disciplines.
Juggle multiple high intensity projects at the same time and react with urgency when necessary.
Work with other technology teams to ensure compliance with the customer and Commonwealth technology and security-related policies and regulations.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university and 10+ years’ experience with technology organizations. 5+ years’ experience in project management. 
PMP or equivalent certification is required. 
Strong working knowledge of Commonwealth of VA Information Security Standard (SEC530) preferred. CISSP and CISM is a plus.
Extensive project and program management experience with a proven track record in successfully leading security technology initiatives from a cross-functional perspective. Skilled in managing resource contention, stakeholder expectations, etc.
Holistic understanding of security functions: Security & Risk Management; Security Engineering; Communications & Network Security; Identity & Access Management; Security Assessment & Testing; Security Operations.
Good understanding of NIST Cyber Security Framework, NIST Security and Privacy Controls.
Knowledge of Commonwealth of Virginia (COV) SEC 530 controls preferred.
Familiarity with Agile SDLC principles and the underlying best practices related to change management.
Ability to plan and deliver projects in a blended Agile and more traditional Waterfall development environments.
Ability to proactively anticipate project risks and lead others to employ mitigation measures.
Approaches decisions with an eye on minimizing operational risk.
Ability to manage priorities to ensure goals are achieved.
Effectively communicate challenges and decisions.
Proactive, highly detailed and organized, a stickler for the details.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Thrive in an “influence without authority” type of role.
A personable and approachable leadership style; can collaborate with and influence individuals at all levels of the organization.
Ability to develop strong working relationships and build trust and respect with engineering teams.
Analytical mindset, highly effective at problem solving and decision making.
Skilled in interpreting ambiguously defined problems and clarifying objectives.
Ability to synthesize large amounts of data into concise meaningful insights and recommendations.
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range- $65-100/hour w2 range Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/ is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.   Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.

 
Job ID: 944632 Richmond, Virginia Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Related Information Technology Jobs
job:MERN STACK
Santa Barbara County, California
Network Control - Contractor - L2
Melbourne, Florida
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Supply Chain Planner
Boudry, Nebraska
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY