Tech Careers
Companies
Career Advice
Career Development Resources
Why Dice
For Employers
Contact Sales
Login/Register
Home
Search
Job Details

Options
Quality assurance
Genome International Corp
Lansing, MI
Posted 16 hours ago | Updated 16 hours ago

Save
Dice Match
Log in or create your free profile to see if this job is a match.
Overview

On Site
Hybrid
$60+
Contract - W2
Contract - Independent
Contract - 12 Month(s)
Skills

QA
Agile
Job Details

"This position will function as the Test Analyst for Agency Services supporting MDHHS within the Department of Technology Management and Budget. Vital Records exists to register, preserve, and issue certified copies of vital records. This includes birht, death, fetal death, marriage, and divorce certifictes for all events that occur in Michigan. Vital statistics are compiled from these event registries and from Michigan's Central Cancer Registry and Birth Defects Registry, to support publich health, policy, and biomedical research.

The Test Analyst will support all test activities for EDRS, BRS, and VERA applications in terms of communications to and from the Lead Business Analysts and ensuring through the Lead Test Analyst that key test issues are managed or escalated as necessary. Additionally, will produce reports, presentations, and meeting minutes for quality assurance testing assignments and deliverables as required."

" Communicate and interact with the BA and development teams during the requirements, development and testing processes.
Assist team in creating test scenarios to meet the validation of acceptance criteria of business requirements.
Undertake all system test related activities in support of the business requirements for the provision of application updates.
Undertake functional and integration testing, and liaison with third-party staff to ensure appropriate test coverage.
Undertake Quality Assurance checks during third-party meetings and internal developments to ensure that only complete code is delivered into test environments owned by the test team.
Attend meetings as well as workshops comprising business and or technical representatives to cover test-dependent activities such as requirement verification and prioritization, test scenario identification and general matters.
Develop, publish, and implement test plans using Azure DevOps.
Ensure that test scenarios are prioritized to reflect business or technical priorities and are approved by appropriate stakeholders.
Coordinate re-testing of defects and issues with BA and third-party staff to ensure no new defects are introduced to Production environment.
Prepare and maintain relevant test documentation, including test scripts, activity schedules, narrative and written reports, and visual progress charts.
Prepare and maintain automated test scripts, schedule for testing and review and share test results with project team Develop load and implement load testing strategies and perform the load testing and share results with project team
Responsible for: time management; reporting and monitoring; risk management; issue management; quality assurance and change management.
Support other test team members and associated IT and Business resources as appropriate to the implementation of testing related activities.
Work in an agile environment and understand agile methodologies.
Carry out other tasks as agreed with the Lead Test Analyst and Lead Business Analyst."
E
" 7+ years experience in system/application quality assurance testing.
7+ years experience in documenting and executing test cases and test scenarios based upon acceptance criteria of requirements
7+ years experience in troubleshooting and tracking defects.
7+ years experience practicing testing methodologies such as black box testing, white box testing, functional testing, regression testing, etc.
5+ years of experience implementing Load testing strategies and implementing Load testing on projects
3+ years of experience implementing automated testing on project using Selinum and or Smartbear testing tool.
3+ years experience using Azure DevOps or another like project management software for Agile development including test driven development.
3+ years experience using API testing tool Postman or like software tool.
3+ years experience executing queries against SQL and Oracle databases to locate specific data sets for analysis.
"

Report this job
Dice Id: genwi001
Position Id: MIQA032024
Posted 16 hours ago
Show Less
Contact the Job Poster
Recruiter Image
Mano Mohanram

Genome International Corp CTO/Consulting Lead


View Profile
horizontaljob-alert
Create Job Alert
Get an email that alerts you when similar new jobs are posted and never miss out on new opportunities.

Create Alert

Similar Jobs


Save
W2 - S/w Test Analyst 4 (system/application QA testing, troubleshooting, tracking defects) - Hybrid
Tanson Corp
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Contract

Easy Apply
Posted 20 hours ago | Updated moments ago


Save
Automation Tester
Innosoul inc
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Contract, Third Party

Easy Apply
Posted 20 hours ago


Save
Immediate Hiring for Software Tester/ QA automation Tester - only Local from Michigan
Morph Enterprise LLC
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Contract, Third Party

Easy Apply
Posted 19 hours ago


Save
Software Test Analyst 4 - Quality Analyst - 2 days Onsite in Lansing, MI - Face 2 Face Interview is MUST
RICEFW Technologies Inc
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Third Party, Contract

Easy Apply
Posted 20 hours ago | Updated moments ago


Save
Direct Client: QA Tester @ Lansing, MI Hybrid Only locals
KSN Technologies, Inc.
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Contract

Easy Apply
Posted 16 hours ago


Save
QA Analyst (Hybrid Onsite - Locals Only)
GSK Solutions Inc.
Lansing, Michigan, USA
Third Party, Contract

Easy Apply
Posted 20 hours ago | Updated moments ago
See More

Ad
Technology Professionals
Search for Jobs
Jobs Directory
Search for Companies
Company Directory
Career Advice
Career Events
Career Development Resources
Employers and Recruiters
Post Jobs
Find Candidates
Employer Brand & Advertising
Hiring Events
Sourcing Services
Partnerships
Recruiting Advice
Company Information
About Us
Media
Media Kit
Work at Dice
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Contact Support
Knowledge Center
Get the Dice app.
Unlock your tech potential.

Copyright © 1990 - 2024 Dice. All Rights Reserved. Dice is a DHI service.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal InformationCCPA